Tennis Express racket review what's up
tennis Express fans welcome to racket
review my name is Richard today's
featured racket is the Bob a lot
overdrive 105 the head size on this
racket is 105 square inches the length
on the racket is 27 inches long the
strum weight of the racket is 9.8 ounces
the string pattern is 16 by 19 the open
string pattern helps to give the racket
a soft feel and generate spin easily the
update to the drive Z 105 this racket
still features the cortex system sitting
in an interface between the racket
throat and handle the idea is to filter
out harmful high-frequency vibration to
increase comfort while preserving
low-frequency vibration powered by
elliptical geometry this racket has a
rounded beam shape by making the beam
with this elliptical profile a larger
percentage of energy is returned after
deformation resulting in enhanced ball
speed and power this racket is best
suited to 3.0 to 5.0 level players with
medium swing speeds the power level on
this racket is medium the slightly head
heavy balance combines with the overall
light weight to make this racket
maneuverable at net with good stability
from the baseline this is a great larger
tweener racket for players that want a
forgiving frame with a solid blend of
power and control the first thing I
noticed with this racket was the very
muted feel the open string pattern
offered excellent spin and good power
the sweet spot was inconsistent for me
and seems smaller than expected this
racket was easy to volley with and get
good depth when hit well off-center
shots tended to drop short with little
power though serving with this frame was
easy as the lightweight made it easy to
generate a lot of spin to control the
placement a solid tweener offering this
racket is just too dampened for me well
that's what I thought about this new
racket let's get a second opinion thanks
Richard let me give you some of my ideas
about the overdrive 105 the overdrive
105 is headlight and is good for a
person with medium strokes it offers a
lot of power but you still have control
I was able to hit
on my groundstrokes I was able to hit my
volleys with a lot of pop but it still
lacks a little head weight that I like
to see in a racket
it's not as responsive to me as some
rackets I did like the racket overall
though and appreciated being able to hit
a nice sir well that's what I think of
the racket let's see what armand has to
say thanks Debbie just hold any
overdrive 105 racket in my hand feels
like a head heavy racket should help me
generate some power let's see how they
don't court this is definitely not a
racket that I would want to take on to
play with it has a very large head size
very lightweight definitely not made for
my game but when I was hitting with it I
had to shorten my swing and it helped me
generate a lot of power this is a great
racket for someone that needs a bigger
head size a bigger sweet spot and they
need help generating their own power
from the baseline got good control and
tons of spin on my shots on volleys Wow
tremendous amount of power with the
larger head size I could put my balls
away with ease and on serves the larger
head size the lighter weight I was able
to generate tons of power well tennis
express fans that wraps it up for us
today be sure to subscribe to our
YouTube channel follow us on Facebook
and Twitter and if you like the demo or
purchase this racquet visit us online at
tennis Express comm or contact one of
our racquet specialists at one eight
hundred eight three three six six one
five see you next time closed today and
one eight hundred eight thirty six six
one five four business online at tennis
my star top